## Author and Contact

This repository was created by Tianle Shao (ts920@ic.ac.uk). 


## Code

- **make_all_files.py** - Takes the 3D-POP dataset as an input, and outputs train, validation and test datasets files for all combinations of data, including data type (2D keypoints, 3D keypoints, Angles), total time frame (1, 15, 30, 60, 90) and subsetted time frame (5, 10, 15, All) as csv files.
- **run_models.py** - Takes the csv files generated by "make_all_files.py" as input, and uses them to train and test the random forest and XGBoost models, generating a csv file  "classification_reports.csv" as an output detailing accuracy scores for all models, and confusion matricies for all models.
- **test_hyperparameters.py** - Takes the csv files generated by "make_all_files.py" as input, and uses them to train and test the random forest and XGBoost models, with a hyperparameter grid search, and 5-fold cross validation, printing out the best hyperparameters found, and the corresponding train and test accuracies.
- **best_sample_size.py** - Takes the csv files generated by "make_all_files.py" as input, and fits the models at different sample sizes. Outputs "best_sample_size.csv". 
- **plot.r** - Takes the  "best_sample_size.csv" file, outputs scatterplot.
- **statistics.r** - Takes the "classification_reports.csv" file, outputs boxplots.


## Languages and Dependencies

**Python version 3.10.12**
Packages: pandas, numpy, os, scipy, sklearn, xgboost, matplotlib, math

**R version 4.1.2**
Packages: ggplot2, gridExtra, ggsci
